(lp0
S"In the work place. So, so I was a I was put on as a software engineer to a new team where a lot of the technology I had never used before and there was a lot of kinda like speeding up to understand what we were doing the the tech stack we were using and and luckily one of our coworkers is a great teacher and I went to him whenever I had a problem. And talked my way through it didn't initially ask him for help but said this is my solution, does that make sense. And I learned a great deal that way."
p1
aS"So challenge I've overcame was having a primarily business backgrounds and coming into completely technology-based company, kind of like finding a role for myself and being able to.. It was kind of hard because I had to kind of learn all those new things and not even just ffrom being able to do them but being able to understand how they workand how that applies to the business. And then also now I'm doing development work so that has its challenges in itself but like Jentry said we're on the same team, we do have a team member who is very very good at explaining things, he's very patient and so when I if I'm trying my hardest with one thing, trying multiple different ways and can't figure it out I go to him and say hey, like, this is what I've worked worked with, this is what I've done. Help me out.  And that's been really helpful so just kinda like knowing when to ask, trying first and knowing that's it's okay to ask for help instead of wasting a lot of time just like banging your head against the wall yeah."
p2
aS"So I think one challenge is communication. It's definitely difficult to communicate across different themes especially if you're working on a larger project and trying to understand one another's goals is one thing that's pretty difficult depending on what your expertise is and what the other person's expertise and whether or not you are able to feel comfortable enough to talk to them."
p3
aS"I'd definitely say communicating with people with like different communication styles right like some people don't really respond well to constructive criticism so you needa like kinda like change the way that you deliver it. Right so Like kinda like getting people's you know thought processes down so like you know how to communicate to different types of people that respond to different communication styles right. So like some people like want you to be very direct like they value like brevity and like clarity and some people you gotta beat around the bush. Rather than hey this isn't a good idea that ideas not so good it's yeah it's good but this part doesn't feel so good. And it kinda just depends on like whatever person. Like some people like won't respond like to criticism unless it's like wrapped up a certain way. So that's definitely a big challenge like giving people criticism and having people follow along."
p4
aS"A challenge is navigating ambiguity. It's a really big one because like echo or just really an other company you don't know what's going on half the time. So it's really understanding that and figuring out what to do and how to like make the most of it."
p5
aS"I guess.. specifically for google while I've been working there a challenge has been to learn a lot of new things and be able to excel at them pretty quickly so I think I rose to the challenge, I worked longer hours for the first 6 months or so while I was there to be able to ramp up really quickly and really be able to i don't know give like create some impact on my team instead of just being like the weak weak new team member."
p6
aS"A challenge that I've overcome is definitely you know being able to communicate better with my team. I'm the kind of person that's really stubborn when I want to figure something out and I won't really ask for help at first. But something that I've over come in a professional experience is being able to instead of asking a question and only learning once being able to create a discussion so I actually learn and you know benefit from conversation with a coworker or mentor."
p7
aS"Well so I guess a challenge that I overcame was working in group projects in college. But it would be being better at giving people feedback. I had an experience in the group where we were all kind of want this together where we were doing a really big group together and at some point we realized that we had all built up complaints against each other but no one was really talking about it and it was sort of a process that we worked through figuring out we should be open about that and give constructive criticism and agree that we'll all be open to that and take it well"
p8
aS"A challenge that I've overcome is being the only girl in a lot of situations at coding, like workshops, or different settings where I feel like the youngest or I'm the only female."
p9
aS"So at WPI there's a lot of guys and a challenge that I've had to deal with is in class when I work with them sometimes there's a lot of mansplaining that goes on so it's hard to deal with that but I'm gonna work on it."
p10
aS"Any kind of challenge? Okay I get really nervous taking on leadership positions, like responsibility and I feel like in the computer science program there's a lot of group projects and pair programming and so I've been trying to venture out of my comfort zone and take the lead on things and kind of be a little better at managing myself and other people."
p11
aS"Dealing with jerks. Well okay so working for a federal agency one of the things that happens with change in administration is you get people coming straight off the campaign trail. They're used to a twenty four seven environment. As long as you're promoting the candidate you can do no wrong. There were no ethics rules, no limits on what you say on what you say or do. As a career as a federal employee there very are strict limits on what you can say or do and whats appropriate for an administer to say or do. And so one the challenges with any administration at any time is you end up having to educate the political employees about the campaign trail and what you do in the government"
p12
aS"A challenge in the workplace let's see. I'd say finding people willing to help is always a challenge not always that they're not willing to help but admiting to yourself that you need help and it's not just an internal struggle."
p13
aS"So I have mostly been trained by somebody and then worked upon some of the projects where you're not getting started like during my work experience I was trained on certain tools and then I was asked to work on it so thatwas kind of convenient but after coming here like figuring out something by yourself and then learning things and then trying to implement them and making it successfull or maybe failing at it sometimes kind of yeah that is challenging but yeah"
p14
aS"I go to a two year so I'm transferring next year and I think like the whole stigma with two years and then trying to get through it with on top of schoolwork like applications and stuff."
p15
aS"Challenge I've overcome was to move to the United States when I was 17 years old. It was a big chellenge because I guess as a girl by Indian society norm way was really gudgemental of my decision of moving away that early and it was really difficult to be away from my family so that was uh it was really difficult in the beginning so yeah I've overcome this through meeting nice people"
p16
aS'I have mostly been trained by somebody and worked upon some of the projects or you know getting started like during my work experience I was being trained on certain things and tools and I was asked to work on it so that was kind of convenient but after coming here like figuring out something by yourself and then learning things and then trying to implement and making it successful or maybe failing at it sometimes it was kind of challenging yea but I overcame.'
p17
aS'A challenge I overcome was to move to the united states, and when I was 17 years old. it was a bit of a challenge, I guess as a girl the Indian society in Norway was really judgmental of my decision of moving away that early and it was really difficult being away from my family so that was it was very difficult at the beginning but yea I\xe2\x80\x99ve overcome that through meeting nice people.'
p18
aS'Having lots of conflicting assignments due around the same time'
p19
aS'Overbooking myself too much with work and school'
p20
aS"Staying in school. That's like a major challenge. Yeah."
p21
aS"I can tell you about a problem in the workplace if that helps I don't know. Ok ok. So a couple years ago I worked for the office of the registrar so something that tends to be challenging was kind of balancing... handling phone calls, handling emails, and sending out transcripts and, you know, doing in-person inquiries is sometimes, you know, it's a lot of things at once. So there was one day where I had like a particularly challenging phone call from someone who had been bounced back and forth like between offices and she was not happy, you know, and so the challenge is like, you know, like a little bit like how to handle that gracefully, especially because what she wanted our office actually couldn't do. I just felt really bad. So I think it's just important to show when you're dealing with like problems like that, you know, you want to... Man, I don't even know what I'm saying, this is why I suck at behavioral interviews, like. Like, you wanna present knd of, like, your best face, whether it's a problem with for someone else that you wanna help with or problem with yourself like you want to look at it like the best way possible so that you can kind of solve it the best way possible yeah."
p22
aS"I guess my biggest challenge recently is this hackathon so it's like 36 straight hours of really weird sleep schedule and no showering and like limited bathroom I guess and like having to brush your teeth and wash your face it's just an exhausting experience I guess."
p23
aS'Well I moved to America when I was 5 but it was like hard adjusting to the culture, the manerisms and just like especially in the classroom, like the expectations that they had were different so the language barrier and all that too.'
p24
aS'My greatest weakness... would have to be self-doubting like having like a lot of self-doubt I think. That is very standard among humans is to self-doubt but that is definitely something I need to work on.'
p25
aS'I guess, liking myself because it\xe2\x80\x99s really hard to like preserve what you value in yourself then, like how against what society pictures to be the right thing to do so like always be having that confliction that which one I should be like the one society wants or the one that I value so I guess it\xe2\x80\x99s always better to like take what\xe2\x80\x99s worthwhile to you.'
p26
aS'One challenge I\xe2\x80\x99ve overcome is being able to code because when you start learning code , you like my perception is you memorize it but there\xe2\x80\x99s actually a logical aspect to it, it\xe2\x80\x99s not like when people enter coding, I\xe2\x80\x99ve entered coding through command line so it was like a lot more like memorizing a series of steps so when I started with object oriented programming languages like java I was memorizing it a lot and then I realized that you have to break out of that, you have to start using logic and you have to use like problem solving in order to create products.'
p27
aS"I think a challenge I've overcome is working in a group. I'm like super type A so I like to have like control of everything like in having like school projects and stuff and I think coming to hackathons has helped me be more like collaborative and like let like working together as a team towards like one goal"
p28
a.